Throttling
In order to make our API as responsive as possible, we have to limit excessive overuse. There are two main throttling conditions for each distinct API key.

Some feeds require a "backoff" delay between requests.
An overall request limit imposed within a 1-minute interval.
Both conditions will respond with a 429 response code.

VERY IMPORTANT NOTE:
Some of the specifics regarding the number of backoff seconds on individual feeds, or the overall allowed limit per 1-minute interval, could be subject to change.

Before any such updates occur however, we will update these API Docs and announce the changes first (Slack or email).


Backoff Delay
Some feeds involve heavier processing, which give them more "weight" and impose more demand on CPU and RAM resources. Such feeds will include a required backoff delay, measured in seconds. You will need to pace your requests for the same feed (and league) to satisfy this condition.

NOTE:
Game-specific feeds *DO NOT* require a backoff delay, since you will often need to access them individually for each game.

At the moment, only v2.x feeds are affected.

v2.x feeds including a 30 second backoff include:

Seasonal DFS
Seasonal Player Gamelogs
Seasonal Player Stats Projections
Seasonal Game Lines
Daily Futures
v2.x feeds including a 15 second backoff include:

Daily/Weekly Game Lines
v2.x feeds including a 5 second backoff include:

Daily/Weekly Player Gamelogs
Daily/Weekly Team Gamelogs
Daily/Weekly DFS
Daily/Weekly Player Gamelogs Projections
Daily/Weekly DFS Projections
Player Injuries
Injury History
Seasonal Team Stats
Seasonal Player Stats
Players
Seasonal Standings

Request Limit within a 1-minute interval
All requests will count towards a limit every minute. By default, a count of "1" will be used. If a backoff is also required for that same feed, the backoff seconds will also be added.

So if a backoff of 5 seconds is required, the count will be increased by 5, meaning 5 + 1 = "6".

At the end of each minute, if the number is above the defined allowable amount of:

100

Then a 429 response will be received.

After each minute, the counter will be reset and start over again.

FAQ

Member Rewards

Terms of Service

Privacy Policy

About Us

Affiliate Logos

 
  
© 2012-2025 Be A Contender Software Services Inc. | All Rights Reserved

 

MySportsFeeds is an unofficial and independent source of information not affiliated with the National Hockey League (NHL), National Football League (NFL), Major League Baseball (MLB), National Basketball Association (NBA), or any of their sub-affiliates.

This site uses cookies. Some of the cookies we use are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set. You may delete and